hey everybody welcome back we're going
for win number ten and honestly they've
been easy breezy beautiful covergirl
you're gonna starve me hold up
you're gonna start me with an uncharged
even sole that's how we do things in
2017 I suppose they start you with an
item 200 items in the game start fully
charged even soul hmm can't give you a
freebie on that one NL sorry q CR WB w
9s damage is good rate of fires good
speed is fine
HP is bad so that's what this item does
HP is bad but as long as we don't lose
the spirit heart it's fine for now
give me battery charges so the thing
with even soul is that in spite of my
rage I'm still just a rat in a cage I
didn't think that was supposed to fully
charge it actually but I guess I was
just mistaken
we should probably pop this on a deal
with the devil because I think it gives
you items that are unique to the pool in
which you in which you use it so
assuming we don't get a spacebar item
that actually makes us want to pick it
up on this floor we'll probably just try
to pop even soul thoughts arrive like
butterflies on the first floor deal with
the devil and then we could actually get
deal with the devil items without having
precedent and without spending HP so
it's kind of a double-edged sword or two
birds with one stone
yeah kill two birds with a double-edged
sword that's what I always said and then
so the basic idea is that we could get
angel items while also how's this it
spends a coin but then if you kill them
well they're coined up you get the you
get more coins it turns one coin into
three coins sometimes it's in the it's
strange new but strange
like that one bums me out because I
spent the coin but I didn't get the coin
back even though you got cleaned I'm not
going to sweat it too much basically as
long as we're alive by the time we get
to our second floor deal with the devil
I think we got a great chance at success
I'm going to go to our shop honestly
with the stats that we have there's no
reason for me to have taken dumb damage
that's 100% sincere and genuine I just
want the coin no there's no reason for
us to have to have taken so much damage
on this floor it's just careless I don't
want to say silly because that implies
that it's not you know potentially going
to ruin our run here but it is uh it is
careless jeez okay well this will go for
the card ancient recall it's three cards
right so we adjust this which gave me
half a spirit heart I feel very very
good about that
chariot card judgment throw down the
judgment it's a regular old judgment
meet the new judgment same as the old
judgment so I think I'm going to buy
this bomb and I'm going to blow up the
judgment and the reroll machine yeah
okay so hear me out here now I think
we're gonna we're going to take dim bulb
and then we're going to use Eden's soul
we got pay to play which is garbage but
allows me to buy a spear at heart and
little baggie which is actually actively
too terrible I'd said Jess I don't know
why I can't say that words okay I
deviated from my original plan to get
deal with the devil items and it did not
work out fantastically but I did get
spirit hearts out of that so I'm not
going to say like we won in the end
because we really didn't these tears
like sometimes explode because if we get
coin tears there goes my last coin if we
had coin tears that exploded I'd be
trying to shoot them into tinted rock
but
I guess they only explode in some
circumstances or something either way
the situation is actually like
completely okay it's just a bit of a
whiff on the use of Eden's soul for sure
but it might have allowed us to live so
you know time will tell on that one now
we need a space bar item and it's okay
what's a bad one the damage up is fine
not necessarily 10 out of 10 but it's
kind of what we needed
it's just something decent full health
obviously does nothing for us like as
well here but it's okay we actually have
like everything is fine on this run I
know that fine is a is a four-letter
word you know people you're fine and
they go what's wrong but no like this it
fits the dictionary definition nothing
is stand out right now evens even soul
did my tongue there even soul would
stand out and we squandered it for short
term survival which I'm actually
completely okay with but it's not a
stellar run as of yet and it has a
little bit less potential to be stellar
because we got rid of the stellar engine
but we can still make this cool still
make this work no doubt just give me a
bomb heist squandering of the situation
there now we've lost all our spirit ours
I'm a little rusty for some reason I
don't know why I've been playing
careless here just hold it together now
what we're looking for now we're looking
for necessarily but still interesting
okay three dollar bill this is an
interesting one three dollar bill could
kill us or it could give us life and
guppies head is a wonderful dim bulb in
a blur so obviously I would like to get
it okay so it's a huge stats up almost
all the time then we just want enough
money to make our shop pay out for us we
only need a penny to get into it because
of the because of pay to play but to be
honest with you I probably deserve to be
dead on this run
and feel free fortunate that we haven't
really been punished now we don't want
that I mean obviously we don't want that
instead we find ourselves on one HP
admittedly but otherwise in like a real
good spot so just hoping to be able to
guide this one towards the goalpost if
we find the shop which we just have pay
a penny to get in biosphere at heart
this time radical thought don't just
throw it away for no reason
okay they're probably not going to get a
spirit art here is it it's quite clear
but grab for luck upgrades at least I
don't know do you go for the pill no in
fest it's fine but now we're looking for
there is like Air America there's a
tinted rock there is a tinted rock back
here yeah we can also maybe use it there
to get more consumables than we spend
but just watch out for spikes here
that's the dangerous part this should be
great to Spirit arts and a trinket that
we can't use but hey I'm happy to have
it nonetheless this now again we're
living proof that like the world is not
fair I'm playing pretty poorly and being
rewarded for it but it does happen the
other way sometimes as often I don't
know but sometimes it does happen the
other way just try to take some solace
in that fact at least okay now the only
thing that could make public opinion
turn more about this run in Isaac right
now is if I were to get like a full
guppy transformation right now so let's
make that happen just to fulfill you
know the evil that we mean to become
dark bum instead which is also very very
good so we should be completely fine now
which is good because we can get
involved in some Zane what kind of Zane
what do we want to talk about our what's
in the news days I hear this one did you
hear this one unit oh but gets supposed
to be Jay Leno would you hear this one
on the news the other day people even
though it's me Jay Leno from the second
world war
extry extry battle on Passchendaele
that's the first world war and also a
voice there
it's a great deal a great Passchendaele
not funny no it's probably probably
funny if you did it properly we're past
the point where you can at least crack a
joke about the First World War right
it's been over a hundred years the
moratorium is over I'm not saying the
first world war is funny if anything you
know I think it's under appreciated or
under people are ignorant about it
despite the fact that it might have like
shaped the present world more than any
other war in in recent history I know
you're gonna say what about World War
two oh thanks for inviting me I forgot
about that one no you know the first
world war was it set the tone of the
20th century you know United States the
United States you know you saw the movie
the United States about the first world
war well the United States emerged as a
as a world power that's been obviously a
force to be reckoned with on a global
scale ever since and I don't know other
consequences excuse me after class if
you ever pay an attention mister mister
eternal wake up mr. West
now I don't know where I'm going with
this one it's it's an irrelevant bit
anyway we're cranking on spirit hearts
here so we're safe to go if I could just
get you to fudge off for a flippin
second dude I hate when these enemies
deflect bullets it's unfair and
unacceptable we're really running low on
bombs on this run I also a little
confused about like that it's very nice
thank you a little confused about the
financial situation that we find
ourselves in like I can't tell yet I I
can guess but I can't tell yet whether
the coin that we got is a net gain or
loss of money
I think it's intended to be a net gain
without a doubt I just don't know if
if it has been so far because we're
sometimes creating coins but quite often
it seems it in fact it seems almost as
often we're just losing coins to the
ether and never having a chance to get
them back
we should probably buy a seven cent
mom's purse that's a pretty good deal
yeah it's run is kind of running away
with it right now
we lose money every time they get hit or
something I'm not totally sure
BOGO bombs is the other item so we just
don't really care and we don't want the
9-volt either because dim bulb is
actually substantially better in this
state I was like why are stats changing
room to room I'll tell you 100 percent
three dollar bill should be like the
disclaimer whenever your stats change is
like three dollar bill may make these
look unpredictable see that's a coin
lost to the ether for no benefit their
strange item not bad not bad too strange
as we head down here I'm revealing the
size of the backlog I think at this
point which a lot of people seem to
think is like some kind of cardinal sin
they're like we're gonna dance this guy
works hard in advance if the backlog is
not always a hundred percent of a good
thing you know it's good that timely
commentary but I mean it's also good to
respond to feedback but I think of all
the series Isaac is in the place where
the backlog makes the most sense people
value the consistency of the items of
episodes in at this point whatever
there's less to learn in the game how
much is it going to improve my play you
know 1% maybe there's still some things
to learn I'm not saying I'm infallible
here but you know it's not like I'm
going to I'm going to Issac class and
I'm having epiphanies every day but
anyway I'm dating the episode some
extent but III finish yesterday or two
days ago we did our best of e3 show at
roundtable the podcast that I'm on today
it was a fun show thinking back to all
the stuff that it was announced or at
least that they showed footage of is
gonna come out this year there's also I
can't believe I didn't get hit there
it's nice to remind myself of like some
of the stuff that I saw that I'm excited
for like we were doing the game of the
show stuff I was like well I don't know
if anything they're really interested in
me that much and then I was like wait a
minute they announced a monster hunter
for PC Overlord and then also you got
something for me - spiders also do it
I'm so stoked genuinely I am I don't
feel hype and I'm not saying this to be
like oh I'm a highly evolved being
people were roasting me during the
podcast in chat but you know I would
like I don't know I don't think that
game looks that good it's just a
vertical slice it's not necessarily
representative of the quality of the
game blah blah blah I get that it's a
show that people watch to get excited
but like everything I saw I was like
this is a trailer this is a trailer this
is a trailer like I don't I don't get
that excited for trailers for videogames
at least because they can be misleading
they're not always and if you want to
get excited don't let me rain on your
parade but I'm like this I want to see
how it is when it comes out which of
course everybody does but but yeah dude
I forgot first off monster honor on PC
please be good I will play the only
thing stopping me from spending like a
hundred hours in every Monster Hunter is
that I don't like holding the 3ds that
long I should have taken the HP in here
with you what are you trying to pull we
have we have one H we have two HP now so
I'm going to give you three of these and
then you're going to give me that and
I'm going to full help get the coin
person I'm just going to take this
because I don't want you to give me a
tell appeals it's not that I think the
3ds is a bad system far from it got a
lot of exploring left to do here
I think the 3ds is a great system with a
good library I just find it
uncomfortable to hold in my hands I am
NOT anti Nintendo at least not as much
as I used to be I'm very excited about
the upcoming switch lineup don't slander
me okay
but yeah a monster hunter I can play
sitting in my chair or you know on ps4
Xbox one on the couch looking at a
television instead of a little tiny
screen very positive in my opinion what
do you take here like whoever wins we
lose I'm getting out of this floor we
don't have the money anyway to make the
to make our shop work for us but the big
thing for me is like shadow war the
sequel to shadow of Mordor comes out in
like three months
I think comes out in September that game
looks mad silly which is the perfect
tone for them to have in a game where
you've got orcs showing up like or you
thought always dead didn't ya gonna have
to try harder than that hell sent me
back cuz always undercooked
you know like I'm so in for that game I
hooked like story-wise shadow of Mordor
in my bed look I'm not a super fan of
Lord of the Rings
I enjoyed the films I did read all three
of the main series books when I was in
middle school but I'm not like a turbo
fan I'm the good guy who bought The
Silmarillion and God like 10 seconds in
and I was like Jarrod's holding this is
just the old testament man you're
killing me so I again Noah don't let me
rain on your parade there but that the
game itself was really fun the story I
was like as a little it's a little Sammy
but the game itself I was like this it
was my number two game of 2014 what was
my number one game I don't remember to
be honest with you
have to go back and take a look anyway
2014 yeah that was that was a no 14 jam
yesterday that's not how you say that
number anyway yeah so III is over it was
I wasn't there but it was it was fun to
be a part of it from home I honestly
think that's the ideal way to experience
a convention like that don't get me
wrong we went to e3 last year and I had
a great time I liked being there and it
felt like I was part of the industry but
like if you've never been to a
convention I think that there's like a
little bit of like group psychosis that
goes on that's like you have the goal to
this could all you have a bit of hacks
masks all relaxed and for some people I
think that is true I think it's like not
necessarily a life-changing experience
but a whole heck of a lot of fun and it
is it is but like at the same time being
at home watching the e3 conferences like
in a comfortable spot with a cup of
coffee and then like being able to go
like I look like garbage you know and
not to have to answer to anybody because
I'm being a jerk it was really nice and
then to be like yeah you know I don't
really want to see that conference
tomorrow I'll catch the vaad and just
sleep in and then you know do do some
streams instead that's that's a superior
way to experience the convention for me
PACS is like a little different tax is
about being out there you know about
seeing stuff that you've never heard of
before seeing how it's progressing and
stuff like that III though where they're
like here's the trailer for Peggy 18
know what's it gonna be you know you
just mainline that stuff at home and be
fine
I think at least I don't know if we're
gonna make boss rush it's a weird run
because it's like really good that's so
helpful it's really good but it's not
quite like very yet that might take it
there I mean it's still great here
what's weird is that whenever I see dark
Prince's crown I'm like I gotta take it
my brain I know exactly what it is I'm
not confused about it if that my brain
is wired from previous Isaac play to
always want a to heart items to always
because I think it's been a good
shorthand until dark princes ground very
rarely there will be a too hard item you
don't want I think the only other
situation that I can think of right now
is when you have the ability to fly and
then they try to give you like lord of
the pit or spirit of the night when you
have it already so my brain is taking
these short hands and I got to be like
no brain relax it's dark Prince's crown
I don't know what I'm doing in the
Murray voice from plot of the Conchords
Britt it's just the tiers upgrade it's
not worth to hard spread it's not even a
good accent
it's almost righteous to Britt but it
can't stop now again it's you know you
in Europe you have the the Schengen
Agreement right where it's like no
matter where you're from no matter what
you did and no matter who you are as
long as you love me you can travel you
know open borders in Europe basically we
have the same thing but it's it's a
nested agreement within that called the
Commonwealth an agreement which means
that any Commonwealth countries can do
accents of any other Commonwealth
countries without it being racist
because we're all cool and
we're all cool with one another you can
make fun of Canada I've done this bit
before but there's this people think
they're being so freakin hilarious
Daniel Radcliffe has this sound bite and
I'll grudge him because you know he's
doing 12 interviews a day for the
release of Harry Potter 200 or something
right but if the sound buddies like if
you really want to aggravate a Canadian
when they talk about hockey say do you
mean ice hockey it's like actually the
only aggravating thing is that you've
been going through life thinking you're
some kind of like the Joker esque
supervillain for your social engineering
because you say that to any Canadian
they'd be like yeah ice hockey so anyway
I would saw Gretzky in his final game in
Madison Square Garden day and it was you
know oh I've got him real good
I've undermined his confidence in his
national identity also Daniel Radcliffe
is an Australian stereotype now
apparently anyway it's not that
offensive
I ended this bit exactly the same way
last time I guarantee it if you actually
want to aggravate a Canadian tell them
the United States won the war of 1812
but it would be better if you just
hinted at it if you would like hey don't
get too riled up there I'll kick your
ass like we did in the war of 1812 huh
buddy you know they will actually that
use that one sparingly because they will
lose their minds I would lose my mind
it's a great part of the national
identity in Canada that Canada beat the
United States the only time we've ever
had direct conflict even though Canada
was not a country at the time it was
Britain versus the US and it was a tie
but and I say it hurts me to say it
because it again it's part of the
Canadian national identity we miss bond
stretch by like eight seconds oh well
that's that's how you rile up but let's
how you rile up a Canadian how do you
rile up an American oh jesus lamb and
let me count the ways am i right
Commonwealth brethren but I think the
the obvious one and it's a lie is to
suggest that like America's backwards
when it comes
the food hey listen buddy you can insult
our defense budget and our politics and
our people the way we live our lives our
economy our attitudes but do not insult
American cuisine and it's true first off
anybody insulting any of that is being
needlessly generalistic every country's
got its problems it's not to say that
you know it's not I'm not drawing a
false equivalency necessarily I'm just
you know people find one thing to
criticize and they go you know X is
stupid because of why you're like see me
after class that's an F you just got an
F on your essay that's not good enough
actually every country has its problems
a plus congratulations your
valedictorian you've nailed it now but
with I always I hate seeing people rag
on America for food man Josh's dad on
Twitter just posted a picture literally
earlier today of some American tax max
that he's getting and I was like that's
delicious America you knock it out of
the park with cuisine is it cuisine that
is stolen from other countries nah son
you nodded your head and I thanked you
out its cuisine that was brought over
from other countries because of
America's welcoming spirit pizza wait a
minute Pizza might actually be an
Italian invention is that the one where
I got people really mad at me once
because I was like basil seems like an
American invention
I got like people that were like you've
never said anything more ignorant than
this I thought pizza was like in Italy
they had like a margarita flatbread and
then somebody from Italy you know came
through Ellis Island and opened up their
own flatbread shop and then like a guy
named pizza came in and was like you
should put some pepperoni on this and
then he's like it gives me a great idea
that one might be a little bit offensive
but I know Rob so it's okay that doesn't
make it okay but I'm going to deflect
and move on
much like the great one apparently it's
actually just a straight-up Italian
invention it's one of those things where
like you think if you got asked we're in
this country pizza was invented
you'd be like it can't be what is Italy
it's too easy it's obviously a trick
question and you end up making yourself
look like an idiot because you
overthought it but it is Italy
apparently like America knocks it out of
the park for food food that's terrible
for you
sure but also food that's good for you
great salads you know raw fish
Americanized sushi and people get real
snobby about sushi too it sounds like
I'm like I've scripted this whole bit
and okay now we flow into the sushi part
of the bit no but people were ragging on
Americanized sushi I guarantee you
straight up I probably eat more sushi
than like 98% of the people watching
this video if you're like oh I don't
think so sir I eat sushi once a month
we're like a once a week family here
maybe maybe six times a month sometimes
less sometimes a little bit more and
I've had like high-caliber sushi in
Japan and then Coover has some of the
best like cheap sushi on planet earth as
far as I'm concerned at least for the
places I've been
so like I'm speaking from a place of
experience look ever since it started
doing this YouTube thing full-time I'd
probably put on like 25 pounds you're
arguing with a dude who loves to sit any
in this situation where are you
Christmas why can't I find you I'm the
organized sushi has got it going on I
can get down with the old jiro Dreams of
Sushi oh wee he spent 1200 years of his
lifetime learning how to slice this
little piece of tuna belly off and then
oh its melt in your mouth delectable I
can get down with that I'm a snob then
at the same time sometimes I'm just like
hey could you put like a whole
deep-fried like chicken katsu on that
roll and then slather it in barbecue
sauce and they're like I have you
covered no problem anyway these episodes
they get they get nationalistic it
becomes a problem it can become a
problem I should oh yeah good one
turn to potentially have these in
teleport card into uh into a single
spirit heart we couldn't even pick up
and the spirit art was the better
version of the payout every country's
got strengths every country got
weaknesses it's not my easy way out it's
actually my way of being like I can't
afford to have an opinion on every
country on earth because I haven't lived
in every country on earth
I've lived in Canada for 27 years of my
life I lived in South Korea for one year
of my life I have opinions on South
Korea both positive and negative but
even those opinions come from like a
place of ignorance because I live my
whole life and sorry my whole life there
at least in this bubble of being like I
don't belong here like I I'm an outsider
you might be like well you could
assimilate yeah but like kids on the
three stop speaking Korean when they see
you and they go hello and you go okay so
that's how I know that this is in my
country you get over it quick I guess I
think I told this story once before but
it's good enough to tell again and this
only happened one time I'm not
suggesting it's an unfriendly place to
live but one time in in South Korea my
friend and I were on that means relevant
to the story he's white we were on the
subway
we're the only white people on the
subway and then this we were just
talking not particularly loudly because
we knew the cultural mores just you know
quietly having a conversation when we
see a well-dressed young Korean
gentleman go to get off the subway and
you know it's approaching his station
and he is looking at us he's got like a
big smile on his face and I'm like I
don't know this guy's deal is where he
seems friendly and that's okay with me
you know you get in the situation
sometimes people I've had straight up in
bed by the time it's out three I'd had
like 67 year old guys come up to me and
then just like salute because they
thought I was American I guess and they
were showing respect for American
involvement in the Korean War not the
can
was involved anyway but I'm assuming you
know they don't look at me and go oh
that guy's Canadian anyway so I've had
all sorts of weird interactions at this
point that that's actually heartfelt but
you get the idea so on Ramona this guy's
going to open up with a conversation
about you know but one time he went to
Toronto or something like that how you
how do you feel about the Maple Leafs
you know instead when the doors open he
he looks at us and he flips us two
middle fingers and he says why are you
hiding white and then the next word is
an anti-gay slur and then we just sort
of looked at him and we're like I'm not
gonna fight hush with $0.04 that's sad
we just sort of looked at each other
like it was I'm pretty sure he's talking
to us you know he did use the W word and
then we're just like sorry and he goes
why are you hiding white you know you
know and then we just didn't really
respond because I'm not about to get in
a fistfight with this homophobe on the
you know foreign subway that's going to
look bad optics wise especially when he
kicks my hat but uh then the doors
closed and he was just like laughing
maniacally like like he got us and I
mean in a way I guess he sort of did
although I mean I hope he's dead and
I'll just mean just because he was a
terrible racist homophobe in public
doesn't mean you should wish he was dead
oh yeah you're the you're the bigger man
in this situation for sure no I wish I
dude that way I hope he died okay anyway
the point is that only happened once but
it's a funny story I think of that story
of time to time we just sat on the on
the train we had like three more stops
to go it's apt all the energy out of the
rest of our day and I don't blame them
because this has happened on the
Vancouver transit on occasion where like
you know someone who's lost their minds
will single somebody out and be like you
know just just like bully them basically
verbally but you're like yeah but
they're not all there so like it's just
on car
armless they're just really rude and
everybody just sits there but definitely
we were just sitting there we're like
just looking at each other like is
anybody going to say anything I don't
expect them to apologize for this dude
it's not like they said it but like you
know it's kind of an uncomfortable
situation never looks just looking at us
I think back on that moment time to time
as my first the dawn of my manhood is
also when I realized I was gay at first
I was like this guy's way wrong and I
looked at my friend and I was like oh
come on you just pull your pants huh no
it's just I'm a happily married man I
don't know why I said that with ass I
knew things because I'm recovering from
the story there's like residual shock
there anyway what do we got here the
world's you've got the whole world in a
card this run is weird cuz it's fast but
also like not really that good it's just
sort of just sort of okay I also feel
like I've been cursed with something
almost the whole time
either way though it's gonna it's gonna
be wins and it was finally I think we
had some good laughs and gasps over the
course of it you know and it just goes
to show you like you I worry that people
judge a country too much because of one
or two interactions if that was your
first day in South Korea and you were
only going there for like five days
would have been linked you would have
come back I mean like people there are
really racist but like those the
literally the only time I had an
interaction like that and I didn't at
all let it color my experience although
I was like two months away from leaving
the country at the time and I was like
gone at least if somebody you know
insults me in my native language sure
well that was my native language that's
what bothers me the most is it he
actually like localized his hatred to
make it more accessible for me it's like
the worst part actually and we laughed
about this at the time it's like his
English is really
like he he knows the slang and his
pronunciation is perfect because the
English teacher must have been fantastic
maybe a little bit on the
rough-and-tumble side with Phil it was
the ultimate irony is like this guy's
insulting us while simultaneously were
like marveling at the masterpiece that
was his instructor anyway
good times hope you enjoyed the episode
if you did click the like button outside
a great deal of course subscribe if you
want to see more in the future
that's the deal if you did enjoy the
episode the like click helps out a great
deal subscribe I don't know how many
times are going to repeat that sentence
over and over but thanks for watching
I'll see you next time
[Music]